chore: add 'masterService.annotations' to Helm (#9697)
determined-ai/determined: docs/reference/deploy/helm-config-reference.rst

-  ``imagePullSecretName``: Specifies the image pull secret for pulling the Determined master image.
   Required when using the enterprise edition.

> -  ``masterService``: Specifies configuration applied to the service for the Determined master.

Reviewer: configurations? or Specifies the configuration?

>    -  ``annotations``: Allows specifying annotations to be applied to the service for the Determined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``annotations``: Enables adding custom annotations to the Determined master service.
```

>       master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
